# Simple Todo List Application ## Live Demo [View Live Demo](DEPLOYMENT_URL_PLACEHOLDER) ## Overview This is a minimalist and responsive web-based Todo List application designed to help users manage their daily tasks efficiently. Built with plain JavaScript, HTML, and styled using Tailwind CSS, it offers a clean user interface and essential features for task management, including adding new tasks, marking tasks as complete, and clearing completed tasks. Task data is persistently stored in the browser's local storage. ## Features * Add New Tasks: Easily add new items to your todo list. * Mark as Complete: Checkbox functionality to mark tasks as done. * Clear Completed Tasks: One-click button to remove all finished tasks. * Persistence: Tasks are saved in your browser's local storage, so they remain even after closing and reopening the browser. * Responsive Design: Optimized for various screen sizes, from mobile devices to desktops. * Modern UI: Clean and intuitive user interface powered by Tailwind CSS. ## Technologies Used * HTML5: Structure of the application. * CSS3 (Tailwind CSS CDN): For responsive and utility-first styling. * JavaScript (Vanilla JS): Core logic for task management and local storage interaction. ## Setup To run this project locally, simply follow these steps: 1. Clone the repository (or download the files): ```bash git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/todo-list-app.git cd todo-list-app ``` (Note: This project is presented as individual files. If you've received them as separate files, simply create a folder and place `index.html`, `README.md`, and `LICENSE` inside.) 2. Open `index.html`: You can open the `index.html` file directly in your web browser. There is no need for a local server as all dependencies are loaded via CDN or are client-side JavaScript. ## Usage 1. Adding a Task: Type your task into the input field and click the "Add Task" button. 2. Completing a Task: Click the checkbox next to a task to mark it as complete. Completed tasks will show a line-through and slight opacity. 3. Deleting a Task: Click the trash icon next to a task to remove it permanently. 4. Clearing All Completed Tasks: Click the "Clear Completed" button at the bottom to remove all tasks that are currently marked as complete. ## Project Structure ``` . ├── index.html # The main application file (HTML, CSS, JS) ├── README.md # Project description and instructions └── LICENSE # MIT License details ``` ## License This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.